A section about Nested Loops has been added (#5282)
Codecademy/docs: content/c-sharp/concepts/loops/loops.md

2
3
```

> ## Nested Loops

Reviewer: Give a blank line before the heading

Author: fixed

> ## Nested Loops

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Nested Loop
```

Author: fixed

> A loop can be placed inside another loop; this concept is known as **nested loops**. For every iteration of the outer loop, all iterations of the inner loop are executed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Nested loop` is a concept where one loop is put inside another. For every iteration of the outer loop, all iterations of the inner loop are executed.
```

Author: fixed

> 

Reviewer: remove one line and give a single blank line

Author: fixed

```cs
// Outer loop
for (int i = 0; i < 3; i++)
{
  // Inner loop
  for (int j = 0; j < 2; j++)
  {
    System.Console.WriteLine("i = " + i + ", j = " + j);
  }
}
```

This example outputs the following:

```shell
i = 0, j = 0
i = 0, j = 1
i = 1, j = 0
i = 1, j = 1
i = 2, j = 0
i = 2, j = 1
```

> Inner and outer loops do not require being the same type. For instance, A `while` loop can be placed inside a `for` loop, or a `do-while` loop inside a `foreach` loop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inner and outer loops do not require being the same type. For instance, A `while` loop can be placed inside a `for` loop, or a `do-while` loop inside a `foreach` loop.
```

Author: fixed

```cs
int[] numbersArray = { 0, 1, 2, 3 };
// Outer loop
foreach (int number in numbersArray)
{
  // Inner loop
  for (int k = 0; k < 2; k++)
  {
    System.Console.WriteLine("number = " + number + ", k = " + k);
  }
}
```

This example outputs the following:

```shell
number = 0, k = 0
number = 0, k = 1
number = 1, k = 0
number = 1, k = 1
number = 2, k = 0
number = 2, k = 1
number = 3, k = 0
number = 3, k = 1
```

> There is no upper limit on nesting levels. The examples above used two loops, but one can nest even more loops. However, it's a good practice to avoid deep nesting, as it complicates programs. 

Reviewer: give a blank line after this

Author: fixed

> There is no upper limit on nesting levels. The examples above used two loops, but one can nest even more loops. However, it's a good practice to avoid deep nesting, as it complicates programs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no upper limit on nesting levels. The examples above used two loops, but one can nest even more loops. However, it's a good practice to avoid deep nesting, as it complicates programs.
```

Author: fixed
